Issue 990 for main (#995)
webdriverio/visual-testing: .changeset/metal-ghosts-judge.md

---
"@wdio/visual-reporter": patch
---

> fix: clean script from package.json is now working on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: [990](#990)mclean script from package.json is now working on Windows
```
